the first thing you can do is to put in
a college in temporary plug which will
dissolve in a matter of a few days to
see whether the patient had any relief
from their dry symptoms if you want to
put in the plugs the first thing you
need to do is apply an anaesthetic you
then dilates the puncture large enough
to take the plug with the old-fashioned
plugs used to have to measure the size
of the puncture to find out what size
plug to order but with the smart plugs
then they expand with body heat so you
don't need to worry about that with the
collagen plugs they're in three
millimeters and five millimeters so that
you can choose two different sizes and
the patient can tell you when you've
applied them if it's successful and they
feel better you dilate the punter and
then you put in the plug when the punter
is large enough to take it and push it
well down because the patient will get
discomfort when the anesthetic wears off
if the punter is proud and you'll need
to push it further down I'm sure they'll
be able to tell you later when the
anesthetic wears off if the punter isn't
pushed in enough some patients get a lot
of relief from this there is however a
biofeedback system which means that over
a period of months it's possible that
they'll produce less aqueous if the
drainage isn't particularly good but
certainly for about 18 months the
patients definitely notice an
improvement
you